but very well I found my two
girls and then directly I picked up
work
left in italy for my purchases and
recovery of the stores have a lot of
work but very well we left with
vivian we knew that ray a clash
necessarily because we had small
accounts to settle both we were
together we were always together but
there were little things that
were not going that I blame and
personally suffered doubted but I
knew you would have a clash and that
I will take the opportunity to settle my accounts
with him live I am seductive to
the basis of nature this is with
men with with the fans with the
kids that's how it's in my
nature
Seduction is not flirting
difference it's not at all the same
thing
after that it's true that I took advantage of the
did the raphael try to seduce me
I took the opportunity to find the game
but for to get a message to
vision I knew very well that raphael
did that for the buzz alone and very
although I did not like him much like
but I did not like it but I
simply no if she was single
to raphael stay absolutely no more
not at all my boyish style I like
brown men type is so nothing to
to see with raphael the evil lived because
that I received tons of blows from
facebook messages phone from
twitter messages that told me downright
put a pub a slut or bedtime
with raphael while people have
not understand that it was a joke and I
thought it was
and immoral already allying because
that's very painful to learn
that his wife to give birth with his
best friend so I found this
was not very funny I was not good
indicated the time together without worries
like all couples one of the bones of
chat bars in chat
reconciled vision with whom on his
apartment at five days a week
he was at home and no no everything was
well in this period where there is no
breaking up like some announced deals
we were not there at all and we live
a beautiful love story both
so stop saying it's a what
couple it's a Libyan people this is
not true at all I think we have
more feeling than most he had
enormously appreciated ridge people
understood think our differences
of age had not imagined it actually
and I believe that all that is
different it bothers people and there
especially
spent twenty years apart it disturbs them
she said it's not possible and
we are so different both
next to that they said it was not
conceivable but good but we were good
in and I can not say we're good at this
meaning since the in the car we
to separate from talking about it before we were well
together and we are a real blow to
the screen actually we are separated
will have to see in a few weeks I
can not give you to the finality
the story but it makes sense it's a
beautiful story he has a I tell a
history whether they are positive or
negative
that is to say that I am with a plus
with him there really is a story that
tells himself and everything is explained and I
think it 'll make you think a lot
of people on the distance
I am not a heart to take everything
good for me
no I do not have a heart to take then
the critics on social networks that
I do not mind the only criticisms in
disturbed that disturbs me is to give
my loved ones and family of people
who know me and how I do not
asked for permission to do these
broadcasts they even encouraged me to
do it so it's the unique experience
and that guyana
so they do not live well and
then when he's critical she raises her
thoroughly on social networks she me
defend and I think are proud of
I'm not upset my daughters because
that they know how I am in the
life every day they know my
father and me my temper and this after
sleeve and know that I'm someone
right to a third of faithful so for
it's their hertz problem caused
one day his interests
hot and that they are not
are not affected health truth that's me
card for the sleeve I think they
are too young I think strong of
shoulders strong enough for sands
it's still an experience
particular it is necessary precisely to
face all these criticisms
so my daughter at the time had
the opportunity finally it was proposed to
to make secret story with me you had
go home and me in his creations and
with vivian and she refused them
emissions because we take a step back
when he quarreled I could analyze and
besides, they reproach me for saying that I
I am from judicious g grapes
of experience placed on track assp in
does well he does not like it too much when I
exposes me and it's true that on facebook
who knows the sagem and electro benoît
dreux in jersey or a little sexy me
ask to remove them
alas the fact that they do not take
cramps on ally because because
that means he understood that he knows
how I am is that provocative
and it extends if I put these pictures
it's to provoke people who
had not notified actually that means
you criticize jan fischer added to the
tactical blow I can not tell the
end of the adventure but I have nothing against
will have done except that I think it
could have told what I'm saying
anyway
to mic like what marc he made me
drop the microphone he took me into a
corner of the box and asked me to
kiss him and clearly I explained
that I was in love with videos in
single body height lembras so
it is true that I would have liked who tells
this episode because it proved that
I ran for the moment it's too early
to say it but I take care at
moment saved rich because she did not
not really want to delve into this
world a little bit detailed
interviews a little hindsight but she's going
very very much it was not all to
the time I 'm going to see her tonight he's going
this one is great after bream
that we can not compare it to nabila
nabila is unique in that she has her
character and his personality should not be
there a part would be ready no no no
however, I like to show you
wooden forest in bikini photo
but after participate today they
are not at all no no I'm going I'm
still quite physical in addition it
it's damn